### 2019-05-08: Agenda
*   DRM regressions in current
    *   Broke compile time, then runtime.
    *   Fix has been committed to -current
    *   MAINTAINERS triggers bikeshed :) #x11 group in phabricator
    *   CI unlikely to have caught this: had to actually run it and the hang / lockup was random (minutes to hours to the lockup)
    *   No MFC likely, but we have no process in place for notifications
*   Drm-kmod update
    *   Fixed the debugfs stuff to get a GPU printout with the GPU hung, but the rest of the system is OK.
    *   Johannes to do a blog post for how to mount it and debug.
    *   Linux 5.0 update is coming along.
        *   Some linuxkpi changes needed (especially to the linux tasks) and hps wants to ensure MLX drivers aren’t adversely affected.
        *   More testing for 5.0 needed, but due to pending linuxkpi changes to FreeBSD, wider testing difficult.
        *   Should we invite hps from time to time.
    *   Legacy stuff must be working, we have no reports of bugs
*   Kanbanflow
    *   Online kanban flow to track issues
    *   Invites have have been sent, working through issues, will share feedback in 2 weeks
*   Xserver 1.20
    *   Pete has been working on this for a bit. It builds and changes are in graphics port’s repo on github.
    *   No updates from the last time. Still untested.
    *   Someone reported a bug that seem to be solved with newer Xorg.
    *   Open Questions
        *   Udev backend? Likely default in 12 and 13
        *   Devd backend? Retain on 11.
    *   Oh, and it needs testing.
*   CI
    *   Patch has been merged to run more branches in CI
    *   Niclas will make patches to ensure we have complete coverage of all the currently supported branches.
*   Building with kernel
    *   Port written, needs to be tested. No progress due to higher priority items in Niclas’ world.
*   Q1 2019 Status report
    *   It didn’t happen, Niclas had no time, so it didn’t happen.
    *   Summary: just treading water. Nothing new.
    *   Goal: Make a Q2 report that covers both Q1 and Q2
    *   Niclas will create a branch that has a template for us to use to report status in Q2. He’ll massage the content, so it needn’t have complete sentences.
*   Documentation
    *   Defer until next time since Pete isn’t here to report status on his updates to the handbook.

Attended:
*   Johannes Lundberg
*   Warner Losh
*   Tobias Berner
*   Niclas Zeising
