# 2022-04-25 Graphics Team Meeting Notes

Attendees: Tobias Berner (tcberner@), Adriaan de Groot (adridg@), Niclas Zeising (zeising@),  Warner Losh (imp@), Joseph Mingrone (jrm@)

- bsdimp
    - LinuxKPI: latest RC works with the packages, so should be good to go for the release.

- GSoC
    - possible student for manu@

- kde@ 
    - reasonable bug count number
    - usual updates are happening on schedule
    - Qt6 is getting more important
        - still the same segfaults (likely due to unique_ptr differences [kde blog](https://blogs.kde.org/2021/02/20/uniqueptr-difference-between-libstdc-and-libc-crashes-your-application) )
    - CI: dfaure@kde.org is keeping an active eye on KDE Frameworks unit tests
        - kwin/wayland also is being monitored

- desktop@
    - not much changed
