# 2022-09-26 Graphics Team Meeting
Attendees: Tobias Berner (tcberner@), Adriaan de Groot (adridg@), Warner Losh (imp@)

- Quarterly Report:
    - x11@ is there anything to write about, who will do it?
        - xorg upgrade?
        - drm stuff from manu?
        - package repo's for all FreeBSD
            - src-based packages (ala Linux)
            - different repos by FreeBSD-version
            - most likely multiple solutions needed to fit all the use-cases
    - kde@/desktop@ handled by adridg@
        - qt6-webengine, will arive soon 

- Felix Palmen: if intersted should try to join x11@

- adridg@ 
    - poudriere failures due to file(1) being patched wrongly (100 file limit)
