# 2022-10-10 Graphics Team Meeting -- 19:15CEST instead of 19:00
Attendees: Tobias Berner (tcberner@), Joseph Mingrone (jrm@), Warner Losh (imp@), Jake Freeland (jfree@)

- kde:
    - Plasma >= 5.25 may be fixed by the DBus update landed earlier today -- still need to verify
    - qt6-webengine still pending due to kai@ being on holiday

- jake:
    - questions about LinuxKPI:
        - how to contribute to changes?
        - what should be converted, and what not?
            - warner: convenience vs long-term strategy
                - contact Bjoern or Manu for details/advice
        - sync files (Linux vs FreeBSD KPI in Userspace)?
    - looking for a src-mentor

- network-manager interface would be very good to have soon
    - Gleb Popov (arrowd@) already implemented bsdidsk2 (udisk2) for FreeBSD -- so he may be a good candidate for the foundation to contact.
